Support mount_setattr(2) attributes (mostly for recursively-readonly mounts) (#1090)
opencontainers/runtime-spec: config.md

]
```

### <a name="configLinuxMounts" />Linux Mounts

> For Linux the `mounts` structure has the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux, the `mounts` structure MAY have the following additional fields:
```

Author: Updated, sorry for delay

* **`attr`** (object, OPTIONAL) specifies `mount_setattr(2)` attributes
    * **`flags`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `flags` argument of `mount_setattr(2)` syscall.
       e.g.,  "AT_RECURSIVE"
    * **`set`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `attr_set` field of `mount_attr` struct.
       e.g., "MOUNT_ATTR_RDONLY"

>     * **`clr`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `attr_clr` field of `mount_attr` struct.

Reviewer: As all other fields are named exactly as in `mount_setattr(2)`, perhaps we should do the same here?

IOW
* `set` -> `attr_set`
* `clr` -> `attr_clr`

Author: Updated, sorry for delay

]
```

### <a name="configLinuxMounts" />Linux Mounts

> For Linux, the `mounts` structure mounts MAY have the following additional fields:

Reviewer 2: We should probably describe what the expected behaviour is of the runtime if a spec includes attr's that are not supported by the kernel; should it ignore those attributes, or should it fail?

Author: Added `The runtime MUST [generate an error](runtime.md#errors) for any values which cannot be mapped to a relevant kernel interface.`

* **`attr`** (object, OPTIONAL) specifies `mount_setattr(2)` attributes. Requires kernel 5.12 or later.
    * **`flags`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `flags` argument of `mount_setattr(2)` syscall.
       e.g.,  "AT_RECURSIVE"
    * **`attr_set`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `attr_set` field of `mount_attr` struct.
       e.g., "MOUNT_ATTR_RDONLY"
    * **`attr_clr`** (array of strings, OPTIONAL) specifies the `attr_clr` field of `mount_attr` struct.
    * **`propagation`** (string, OPTIONAL) specifies the `propagation` field of `mount_attr` struct.
       See [Rootfs Mount Propagation](./config-linux.md#configLinuxRootfsMountPropagation) for the string format.

<!-- TODO: consider supporting mount_attr.userns_fd -->

### Example

```json
"mounts": [
    {
        "destination": "/ro",
        "type": "none",
        "source": "/volumes/ro",
        "options": ["rbind"],
        "attr": {
          "flags": ["AT_RECURSIVE"],
          "attr_set": ["MOUNT_ATTR_RDONLY"],
          "attr_clr": ["MOUNT_ATTR_NOEXEC"],
          "propagation": "private"

>         }

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit concerned about how this is just a 1:1 mapping of `mount_setattr` (although I realise we already crossed that path on many other options). The advantage is that it's flexible, but it we only need it for the `recursively-readonly`, I'm wondering if it would be good to design around that case, making it somewhat more less verbose?

It makes it a bit confusing in some areas, e.g., `options` would take  `(r)private`, `ro` and `noexec`, but `attr` takes `MOUNT_ATTR_RDONLY` and `MOUNT_ATTR_NOEXEC` (in addition to using a "diff" of attributes to _add_ and to _remove_).

Author: > The advantage is that it's flexible, but it we only need it for the recursively-readonly, I'm wondering if it would be good to design around that case, making it somewhat more less verbose?

I don't think this is going to be recursively-readonly, though we can prioritize recursively-readonly over other potential usecases

> It makes it a bit confusing in some areas, e.g., options would take (r)private, ro and noexec, but attr takes MOUNT_ATTR_RDONLY and MOUNT_ATTR_NOEXEC (in addition to using a "diff" of attributes to add and to remove).

`MOUNT_ATTR_XXX` form corresponds to `RLIMIT_XXX` form that has already existed.
